It's really evil. When will this kid learn medical skills?
Never heard of it before
Zhou Gongzi, this is the Duke's Mansion
Idle people and other inconvenient old people
Lion, when will you become a doctor?
She even cured the princess
I can't tell you that I'm not from this world
general knowledge
That trash is getting more and more evil
No, never let him become a princess
Not available this time.
I have another plan
The princess must be mine
The son is resourceful
What is that crap?
The son will definitely win the hearts of the beautiful people hahaha
lion lion
No, something big happened
News just came out of the palace
Everyone in the palace knows
Zhou Heng has been entering the palace every half month
Enter the palace to His Majesty, a kind of elixir called Fifty Powders
And this time he entered the palace to express his heart to His Majesty
Want to get exquisite
The princess heard that the effect of these fifty powders is extremely magical
Your Majesty